Themes	:	"The Atlas project defines children's health, development, and wellbeing based on the Nest framework, an evidence-based model developed by the Australian Research Alliance for Children and Youth (ARACY). There are six themes representing six broad well being domains for filtering the data. These are - Healthy, Identity & Culture, Learning, Material Basics, Participation and Valued, loved and safe. You can choose any of these themes and drill down further to select sub categories for filtering data"

Filters	:	"You can apply filters on Themes, Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers"

-----Healthy------

Disability and chronic health conditions, Children and young people with a profound or severe core activity limitation, Children and young people with type 1 diabetes, Chronic physical illness related hospital admissions (WA only), Diabetes related hospital admissions	(WA only):	 "On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Disability and chronic health conditions" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for.You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Emergency department presentations, ED presentations all types - all hospitals (WA only), ED presentations by type – public hospitals, Total ED presentations – public hospitals	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Emergency department presentations" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Estimated population, Number of children and young people - 5 year age groups, Number of children and young people- single year	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Estimated population" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."
	
Health at birth, births, first antenatal visit, infant mortality, low birthweight, preterm births, smoking in pregnancy	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Health at birth" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."


Hospital admissions, all hospitals (WA only), hospital admissions by principal diagnosis, public hospitals 	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Hospital admissions" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Immunisation, Chickenpox, Diphtheria, fully immunised, Hepatitis B, Measles, Polio	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Immunisation" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Injury, ED presentations due to injury, poisoning, Hospital admissions due to injury (all hospitals) (WA only), Hospital admissions due to injury or poisoning (public hospitals), road accidents, falls, transport crash injury, injury due to exposure to inanimate mechanical forces	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Injury" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Mental health, mental illness, ED presentations due to deliberate self harm - all hospitals (WA only), mental and behavioural disorders, mental health attendance related, psychological distress, sadness and depression, experiences of stress (Growing up in Queensland survey), experiences of stress (Speaking out survey WA), mental health related conditions - all hospitals (WA only), mental health related conditions - public hospitals, level of life satisfaction, mental or emotional health condition (Growing up in Queensland survey), resilience (Speaking out survey WA)	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Mental health" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Mortality, child mortality, youth mortality, youth suicide	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Mortality" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Physical health, nutrition, obesity and healthy weight, physical activity	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Physical Health" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."


Sexual health, safe sexual and reproductive health behaviours, sexually transmitted infections	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Sexual Health" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Substance use, alcohol, drugs, e-cigarettes, smoking	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Substance use" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Access to services, Parenting services (WA only), Primary Healthcare Access (WA only)	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Substance use" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."


------Identity and culture------

Identity and culture, cultural, Americas, North Africa and the Middle East, North-East Asia, North-West Europe, Oceania and Antarctica, South-East Asia, Southern and Central Asia, Southern and Eastern Europe, Sub-Saharan Africa, country of birth	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Identity and Culture - > Country of birth" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Language, children or young people who don't speak English well or not at all, Children and young people who speak a language other than English at home	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Identity and Culture - > Language" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Religion, Young people with and without religious affiliation, no religious affiliation, with religious affiliation	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Identity and Culture - > Religion" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

------Learning------

Australian early development census (AEDC), Combined domains, Communication skills and general knowledge domain, Emotional maturity domain, Language and cognition domain, Physical health and wellbeing domain, Social competence domain, developmentally at risk, developmentally on track, developmentally vulnerable	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Learning -> Australian early development census (AEDC)" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."


Average NAPLAN score, grammar and punctuation, numeracy, reading, spelling, writing	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Learning -> Average NAPLAN score" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."


Early childhood education and care, children attending preschool (%) of enrolled, children attending preschool, Childcare availability, enrolment early childhood education (preschool) (N), children attending preschool (%) of enrolled, children attending preschool, children per place_average, places per child_average, pop. living in areasof low levels of childcare supply (%), Pop. living in areas of low levels of childcare supply	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Learning -> Early childhood education and care" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."	


Liking School (Speaking Out Survey WA), Do not like School (%), Like School(%)	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Learning -> Liking school (Speaking Out Survey WA)" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."


School attendance (level), all schools, government Schools, non- government schools	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Learning -> School attendance (level)" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

School attendance (rate), all schools, government Schools, non- government schools	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Learning -> School attendance (rate)" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Sense of belonging at school, Students agreeing that school is "a place where I belong" (Speaking Out Survey WA), high or low sense of belonging at school, students reporting high emotional engagement with teachers	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Learning -> Sense of belonging at school" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Youth participation in education, apparent retention rate, highest year of school completed, post school destinations, graduating year students who commenced employment, graduating year students who engaged in TAFE/vocational study, graduating year students who gained university placements	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Learning -> Youth participation in education" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

------Material Basics------

Housing amenity, Homelessness, Specialist Homelessness Services – Count of clients, Specialist Homelessness Services – Main reason for seeking assistance, Specialist Homelessness Services – Presenting unit type	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Material basics - > Housing amenity" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Socio-economic Indexes of Australia (SEIFA), Index of Economic Resources, Index of Education and Occupation, Index of Relative Socio-Economic Advantage and Disadvantage, Index of Relative Socio-Economic Disadvantage	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Material basics - > Socio-economic Indexes of Australia (SEIFA)" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Low-income household, Stable housing, living in a household earning less than $1,000 per week	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Material basics - > Low income household" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Youth unemployment, Unemployed and seeking full-time work	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Material basics - > Youth unemployment" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

------Participation------

Connection to community, belonging in community, Community has fun places, Adults listening to young people (Growing up in Queensland survey)	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Participation - > Connection to community" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."	

Volunteering, Young people doing unpaid voluntary work	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Participation - > Volunteering" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Voting enrolment, Number enrolled, Proportion enrolled	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Participation - > Voting enrolment" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

------Valued, Loved and Safe------

Child protection, Care and protection orders, Children admitted to out-of-home care, Children discharged from out-of-home care	:	 "On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Child protection" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Children and young people as victims of crime, Children and young people as victims of crime (NSW only), Victims of domestic violence related assault, Victims of sexual assault	:	 "On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Children and young people as victims of crime" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Family comparison, one parent families with children under 15 years old, Same sex parent families with dependent children	:	 "On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Family comparison" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Family conflict, Family fighting – Speaking Out Survey Western Australia	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Family conflict" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Youth justice, Young people under community-based supervision, Young people in detention	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Youth justice" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Positive peer relationships, Friends – Wellbeing Engagement Collection South Australia	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Positive peer relationships" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Safe environments, Experiences of violence – Speaking Out Survey WA, feeling safe in the community – Speaking Out Survey WA, Safe community environments – Growing Up in Queensland	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Safe environments" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Seeking support, turning to others for support – Speaking Out Survey WA, turning to others for support – Growing Up in Queensland	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Seeking support" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Young people offending (WA only), Assault (Family) offences, Assault (Non-Family) offences Assault (Non-Family) offenders, Burglary offences, Burglary offenders, drug offences,  drug offenders, Graffiti offenders,  Graffiti offences, Motor vehicle stealing, Property damage, stealing, receiving and possession of stolen, threatening, total offences, total offenders	:	"On map dashboard, firstly select a region of your interest on top left corner, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Young people offending (WA only)" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."	


filter data by gender		:	" To filter data by sex, on the map dashboard, click on the fingerprint icon at the top right-hand side of the page. You can then choose from options like male, female, or all."
select specific sexual categories	:	"To filter data by sex, on the map dashboard, click on the fingerprint icon at the top right-hand side of the page. You can then choose from options like male, female, or all."
data for gender identity	:	"To filter data by sex, on the map dashboard, click on the fingerprint icon at the top right-hand side of the page. You can then choose from options like male, female, or all."
data on different gender categories	:	" To filter data by sex, on the map dashboard, click on the fingerprint icon at the top right-hand side of the page. You can then choose from options like male, female, or all."
filter data by age group	:	" To filter data by age groups, on the map dashboard, click on the fingerprint icon located at the top right-hand side of the page. From there, you can adjust the age groups from 0 to 24."
data for specific ages	:	"To filter data by age groups, on the map dashboard, click on the fingerprint icon located at the top right-hand side of the page. From there, you can adjust the age groups from 0 to 24."
get data on different age categories	:	"To get data by age groups, on the map dashboard, click on the fingerprint icon located at the top right-hand side of the page. From there, you can adjust the age groups from 0 to 24."
search data by age	:	" to search data by age groups, on the map dashboard, click on the fingerprint icon located at the top right-hand side of the page. From there, you can adjust the age groups from 0 to 24."
data on a specific year	:	" To get data by specific year, on the map dashboard, go to the top right-hand side of the page and click on the calendar symbol, which allows you to choose the collection year."
select data by year	:	"To select data by years, on the map dashboard, go to the top right-hand side of the page and click on the calendar symbol, which allows you to choose the collection year."
search data for particular year	:	"To search data by years, on the map dashboard, go to the top right-hand side of the page and click on the calendar symbol, which allows you to choose the collection year."
data in a range of years	:	"To get data by range of year, on the map dashboard, go to the top right-hand side of the page and click on the calendar symbol, which allows you to choose the collection year."
Select data by Statistical Areas	:	"To get data in Statistical Areas, on the map dashboard, click on the map icon located at the top right-hand side of the page. From there, you can select/filter data by clicking SA2, SA3, SA4 or states.
data by Political Areas	:	" To get data in Political Areas, on the map dashboard, click on the map icon located at the top right-hand side of the page. From there, you can select/filter data by clicking LGA."
filter data by Service Layers	:	" To filter data in Service Layers, on the map dashboard, click on the layer icon located at the top right-hand side of the page. From there, you can filter services that you want."
search data by Service Layers, Healthcare, General services, Hospital, childcare service, schools	:	" To search data in Service Layers, on the map dashboard, click on the layer icon located at the top right-hand side of the page. From there, you can click the services that you want."




------main homepage-----

what is Metadata	: 	"Metadata facilitates and supports the discovery, identification, organisation and interoperability of research outputs. Having rich metadata helps maximise exposure, reuse and citation of research findings. for more information, visit https://australianchildatlas.com/metadata."

Metadata document		:	"Please use the link for access the document. https://static1.squarespace.com/static/60e510deca3ca956c8fe35bf/t/66e104dfdfe5051a028fb17a/1726022881115/Metadata+Document_ACYWA_11092024.pdf"

find metadata	:	"To find metadata, go to "Technical Information" -> "Metadata"

SA2	:	 "SA2s are medium-sized areas that represent communities with shared social and economic characteristics. They typically have populations ranging from 3,000 to 25,000 people, with smaller populations in rural areas. SA2s are the smallest areas where non-census statistics can be released by the ABS. In urban areas, they often align with single suburbs or groups of related suburbs, for more information visit https://australianchildatlas.com/statistical-areas."
SA3	:	"SA3s are larger regions made up of neighbouring SA2 areas. They generally have populations between 30,000 and 130,000 people and often align with local government boundaries. In regional areas, SA3s represent distinct regions, and they are named after well-known regions, cities, or economic hubs, for more information visit https://australianchildatlas.com/statistical-areas."
SA4	:	 "SA4s are broad geographical areas consisting of neighbouring SA3 regions. They are mainly used for labour market analysis and have populations ranging from 100,000 to 500,000 people. These areas are named after major cities, employment centres, or well-known regional areas they cover, for more information visit https://australianchildatlas.com/statistical-areas."
LGAs	:	"Local Government Areas (LGAs) are an ABS approximation of officially gazetted LGAs as defined by State and Local Government departments. LGAs cover incorporated areas of Australia, which are geographical areas that are the responsibility of incorporated local governing bodies."

find Statistical areas	:	"To find Statistical areas, go to Technical Information -> Statistical areas"

what is technical information	:	"The technical information document provides an overview of the data cleaning and data processing activities conducted in the creation of the Australian Child and Youth Wellbeing Atlas. Additionally, it includes information about certain statistical methods employed throughout the data preparation and cleaning process including Age groupings, Association and cause, Bias, Chance or random error, Confounding, Small numbers, Standardised ratios and Crude rates."

Technical information document	: 	"Please use the link for access the document. https://australianchildatlas.com/s/ACYWA-Technical-information.pdf"

find technical information & methods	:	"To find Technical information & methods, go to Technical Information -> Technical information & methods"

what is Visualisation	:	"The wellbeing data in each statistical area is displayed alongside results for all Australian areas using different colours. Depending on the dataset selected in the atlas, the score or measure can fall in a low, average, high, or in-between position on the national scale. For more details, visit https://australianchildatlas.com/visualisation"

Visualising wellbeing data	:	"The wellbeing data in each statistical area is displayed alongside results for all Australian areas using different colours. Depending on the dataset selected in the atlas, the score or measure can fall in a low, average, high, or in-between position on the national scale. For more details, visit https://australianchildatlas.com/visualisation"

find Visualising wellbeing data	:	"To find Visualising wellbeing data, go to Technical Information -> Visualisation"	

Search Visualising wellbeing data	:	"To search Visualising wellbeing data, go to Technical Information -> Visualisation"		

Filter Visualising wellbeing data	:	"To filter Visualising wellbeing data, go to Technical Information -> Visualisation"

data about Licensing and attribution	:	"To find the data about Licensing and attribution, go to Technical Information ->   Licensing and attribution"	

what is Licensing and attribution	:	"All Australian Child and Youth Wellbeing Atlas content is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0) licence. Users must ensure that all use of Australian Child and Youth Wellbeing Atlas content is done within the limits of this licence." 

Details about Child Development Atlas (CDA)	:	"No information available."

Atlas Video Guide	:	"To access the Atlas Video Guide, go to home page, click Resources and user guides -> ACYWA Resources"

Atlas platform user guide	:	"Please use the link for access the document. https://australianchildatlas.com/s/Atlas-platform-user-guide.pdf."

data for Aboriginal children, First Nations Aboriginal, indigenous, First Nations children and young people	:	"Sorry, in the Atlas prototype, data has not yet been disaggregated for First Nations children and young people. This decision arises from our profound awareness of the commonly inadequate representation of wellbeing outcomes concerning First Nations children and young people."

LGBTQ, Trans and Gender Diverse young people	:	"Sorry, in the Atlas prototype, data has not been disaggregated by gender identity. It only provides a breakdown based on the traditional categories of female and male."
 
News and media	:	"The Australian Child and Youth Wellbeing Atlas was officially launched on 28 November 2023, at Parliament House in Canberra. Read more on: https://www.uwa.edu.au/news/article/2023/november/online-atlas-maps-childrens-health-and-wellbeing"

Contact us	:	"Please select any of link for contact https://australianchildatlas.com/contact-acywa , https://www.uwa.edu.au/schools/population-global-health, https://www.uwa.edu.au/ or send an email to:  info@australianchildatlas.com"
 
