Select Age and Sex	:	"On Atlas maps, click on the fingerprint icon next to themes for age groups and sex breakdown. Select the option(s) of interest. Please note that not all data has the same options available. For more information about age and sex selections, refer to Technical information."

Youth justice, Young people under community-based supervision, Young people in detention	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Youth justice" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

------Material Basics------

Aboriginal children, First Nations Aboriginal, indigenous, First Nations children and young people	:	"In the Atlas prototype, data has not yet been disaggregated for First Nations children and young people. This decision arises from our profound awareness of the commonly inadequate representation of wellbeing outcomes concerning First Nations children and young people."

Technical information document	: 	"Please use the link to access the document. https://australianchildatlas.com/s/ACYWA-Technical-information.pdf"


School attendance (level), all schools, government Schools, non- government schools	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Learning -> School attendance (level)" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Family conflict, Family fighting – Speaking Out Survey Western Australia	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Family conflict" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

National distribution	:	All results for the specific indicator will display on a national distribution chart. The result for the chosen area is visualised beneath the chart by a black dot By clicking anywhere on the same chart, it will display the results for the same indicator in other statistical/geographical areas.


------Identity and culture------

Physical health, nutrition, obesity and healthy weight, physical activity	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Physical Health" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Voting enrolment, Number enrolled, Proportion enrolled	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Participation - > Voting enrolment" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Data Source	:	Click on "i" in the left bottom corner next to the selected indicator to see the data source including the name of data provider and the year of data collection.
For more information about the data source and notes on the data refer to Homepage -> Main Menu options-> Technical information. 

Filter data by Service Layers, Turn on/off service layers, Healthcare, General services, Hospital, childcare service, schools	:	" There is an option on the right hand side pane on Atlas maps to display various services available for children and young people in the selected area. Choose from one of five service layers by clicking on the name in the menu, based on service layer(s) of interest. Different services are symbolised through a dot on the map. Hover over the dot to see the name of the service."

Filters	:	"Results can be filtered by  Age & Sex, Collection Year(s), and Statistical Area"


Early childhood education and care, children attending preschool (%) of enrolled, children attending preschool, Childcare availability, enrolment early childhood education (preschool) (N), children attending preschool (%) of enrolled, children attending preschool, children per place_average, places per child_average, pop. living in areasof low levels of childcare supply (%), Pop. living in areas of low levels of childcare supply	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Learning -> Early childhood education and care" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."	

Volunteering, Young people doing unpaid voluntary work	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Participation - > Volunteering" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Positive peer relationships, Friends – Wellbeing Engagement Collection South Australia	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Positive peer relationships" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Immunisation, Chickenpox, Diphtheria, fully immunised, Hepatitis B, Measles, Polio	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Immunisation" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."


Liking School (Speaking Out Survey WA), Do not like School (%), Like School(%)	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Learning -> Liking school (Speaking Out Survey WA)" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

LGBTQ, Trans and Gender Diverse young people	:	"In the Atlas prototype, data has not been disaggregated by gender identity. It only provides a breakdown based on the traditional categories of female and male."
 
News and media	:	"The Australian Child and Youth Wellbeing Atlas was officially launched on 28 November 2023, at Parliament House in Canberra. Read more on: https://www.uwa.edu.au/news/article/2023/november/online-atlas-maps-children's-health-and-wellbeing"

Child protection, Care and protection orders, Children admitted to out-of-home care, Children discharged from out-of-home care	:	 "Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Child protection" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Metadata document		:	"Please use the link to access the document on Metadata. https://static1.squarespace.com/static/60e510deca3ca956c8fe35bf/t/66e104dfdfe5051a028fb17a/1726022881115/Metadata+Document_ACYWA_11092024.pdf"

------Main Homepage-----

National scale result	:	The result for the location of interest will be displayed as a black dot on the national scale, as well as in numerical value (either as a whole number or a
percentage) on the right. For data available for selected states only, the national scale will show as the state/territory scale. Click on "i" symbol to view an explanation of the national scale.

What is Metadata	: 	"Metadata facilitates and supports the discovery, identification, organisation and interoperability of research outputs. Having rich metadata helps maximise exposure, reuse and citation of research findings. for more information, visit https://australianchildatlas.com/metadata."

School attendance (rate), all schools, government Schools, non- government schools	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Learning -> School attendance (rate)" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Youth unemployment, Unemployed and seeking full-time work	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Material basics - > Youth unemployment" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Filter data by Political Areas	:	" To get data in Political Areas, on the Atlas maps, click on the map icon located at the top right-hand side of the page. From there, you can select/filter data by clicking LGA."

Details about Child Development Atlas (CDA)	:	"No information available."


Sexual health, safe sexual and reproductive health behaviours, sexually transmitted infections	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Sexual Health" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Substance use, alcohol, drugs, e-cigarettes, smoking	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Substance use" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Filter data for a specific year, collection year, particular year, rage of years	:	" On the Atlas maps, go to the top right-hand side pane and click on the calendar symbol, which allows you to choose the collection year(s). You can choose available data collection years from 2006-2022."

Themes	:	"The Atlas project defines children's health, development, and wellbeing based on the Nest framework, an evidence-based model developed by the Australian Research Alliance for Children and Youth (ARACY). There are six themes representing six broad well being domains for filtering the data. These are - Healthy, Identity & Culture, Learning, Material Basics, Participation and Valued, loved and safe. You can choose any of these themes and drill down further to select sub categories for filtering data"

Estimated population, Number of children and young people - 5 year age groups, Number of children and young people- single year	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Estimated population" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."
	
Health at birth, births, first antenatal visit, infant mortality, low birthweight, preterm births, smoking in pregnancy	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Health at birth" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Connection to community, belonging in community, Community has fun places, Adults listening to young people (Growing up in Queensland survey)	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Participation - > Connection to community" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."	

Young people offending (WA only), Assault (Family) offences, Assault (Non-Family) offences Assault (Non-Family) offenders, Burglary offences, Burglary offenders, drug offences,  drug offenders, Graffiti offenders,  Graffiti offences, Motor vehicle stealing, Property damage, stealing, receiving and possession of stolen, threatening, total offences, total offenders	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Young people offending (WA only)" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."	

LGAs	:	"Local Government Areas (LGAs) are an ABS approximation of officially gazetted LGAs as defined by State and Local Government departments. LGAs cover incorporated areas of Australia, which are geographical areas that are the responsibility of incorporated local governing bodies."

Mortality, child mortality, youth mortality, youth suicide	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy - > Mortality" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Children and young people as victims of crime, Children and young people as victims of crime (NSW only), Victims of domestic violence related assault, Victims of sexual assault	:	 "Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Valued, loved and safe - > Children and young people as victims of crime" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

Youth participation in education, apparent retention rate, highest year of school completed, post school destinations, graduating year students who commenced employment, graduating year students who engaged in TAFE/vocational study, graduating year students who gained university placements	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Learning -> Youth participation in education" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Language, children or young people who don't speak English well or not at all, Children and young people who speak a language other than English at home	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Identity and Culture - > Language" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

Low-income household, Stable housing, living in a household earning less than $1,000 per week	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Healthy -> Material basics - > Low income household" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right-hand side pane."

SA3	:	"SA3s are larger regions made up of neighbouring SA2 areas. They generally have populations between 30,000 and 130,000 people and often align with local government boundaries. In regional areas, SA3s represent distinct regions, and they are named after well-known regions, cities, or economic hubs, for more information visit https://australianchildatlas.com/statistical-areas."

Filter data by gender, gender identity, gender categories	:	"To filter data by sex, on the Atlas maps, click on the fingerprint icon at the top right-hand side of the page. You can then choose from options like male, female, or all."

How results are calculated	:	For more information about how results were calculated refer to Homepage -> Main Menu options-> Technical Information

Religion, Young people with and without religious affiliation, no religious affiliation, with religious affiliation	:	"Click on Atlas maps, then navigate to right hand side pane and click on themes and select "Identity and Culture - > Religion" and then select suitable sub category for finding the data you are looking for. You can also apply other filters on this data based on Age & Sex, Collection Year, Areas and Service Layers by choosing suitable options on the right hand side pane."

How or where to find metadata	:	"To find information about metadata, go to "Homepage -> Main Menu options-> Technical Information -> Metadata"

Data about Licensing and attribution	:	"To find the data about Licensing and attribution, go to Homepage -> Main Menu options-> Technical Information ->   Licensing and attribution"	

Contact us, Know more	:	"https://australianchildatlas.com/contact-acywa, https://www.uwa.edu.au/schools/population-global-health, https://www.uwa.edu.au/ or send an email to:  info@australianchildatlas.com"
 


what is Visualisation	:	"The wellbeing data in each statistical area is displayed alongside results for all Australian areas using different colours. Depending on the dataset selected in the atlas, the score or measure can fall in a low, average, high, or in-between position on the national scale. For more details, visit https://australianchildatlas.com/visualisation"